
Once upon a time, there lived a lion, the king of the Bartlope Jungle. “Oh I wonder who to feast on today!” Said the lion. The Queen said “Have a change in heart, they live just like you! Please consider!” “Me, I don’t kill, Hahahah, Funny” Says the mighty lion. “That thought is so bad I don’t WANT you to be my wife!”
And so, the Queen left gladly. “I shall warn the animals of Bartlope Jungle!” As the queen walked by, all the Animals gathered to hear. “Attention! You all citizens! The King is gonna FEAST! We shall create an army far from this Jungle! We shall head down south until we see the shiny ocean! The crowd started cheering. They all packed up and headed south.

 The ocean they have reached. “Now, I was given the wisdom I have for a reason, I was an actual Queen! But now you don’t call me Your Highness, or Queen Gloria anymore, you call me Gloria.” “Gloria, I have an idea, about 1 mile from here there is an Island-Boat! It goes to Azarch Jungle! 100% of it is actually a Jungle! If we can get to the Island-Boat, we can rehome!” Said the wise fox. “Smart Fox! But the thing is that we can’t swim. Also, what if they don’t allow us in?” Said the sloth. “Here, I can collect items! I’ll go to the JungleX-Press Supermarket and you can look in the woods! Be aware of the king!” “DEAL!” Said everybody! As everybody went to search.

 The king was bored. “Oh, I’m getting bored, I’m gonna hunt!” And the king went off, as he was getting ready for his buffet. As the king went, he couldn’t find anybody. He was getting so bored until -CRUNCH- the lion went onto a trap. “Hehehehe, You are our dinner today!” Said the humans. “What are you?” Said the lion confused. “The people you’re gonna be feasted by!” “Okay everyone! We’re done! Wai- do you hear that! I think we should go look! As they were walking they saw the lion getting carried away in a truck! They knew the lion messed up but they couldn’t let him die! “Okay! Let’s all get on the truck. From there we can plan!” Said Gloria the lion. As they hopped on the truck the lion spotted them. “King, you can choose, die, or not eat us and be respected just like our loyal queen!” As the king sighs he says, “Fine! But free me first!” As the animals bite on the rope to free him he keeps his promise. “Now, from now on, bad people get 2 chances, if they miss those chances, they have to get eaten or thrown out in the midst of the sea! 	

A few days later the Queen and King are having a party! They call it makeover! As the Jungle Citizens cheer the King apologizes as it comes to an end of another tail! “Now that is why we have freedom!” Says the wise fox.  
