Introduction
Hamster and dogs and cats and  chinchilla and  fishes and ferret, a turtle, a lizard, and a tarantula. None of those animals are your type. You want a soft, small, friendly companion for you. But none of the pets at the pet store has an animal like that. What about the rescue? Dogs, cats, and bunnies. Still none you want. Okay, you try one more. Dogs, hamsters, bunnies, cats, and guinea pigs! That’s it, a guinea pig! So now you just need to do some research on guinea pigs. This article’s gonna have that all in here. So read to find out some fascinating things about guinea pigs! 


 Guinea pigs are more than just an animal?!
  Guinea pigs are more than just an animal. They are what is called a rodent. A rodent is a mammal which are warm blooded animals. Many animals such as hamsters, guinea pigs -like I mentioned-, rats, prairie dogs, capybaras, beavers, porcupines, and squirrels are some examples of rodents.
 	Guinea pigs are also herbivores. This means they only eat vegetables and no meat. And still, they get ALL their nutrients they need to survive. I personally do like how they are herbivores because of how expensive meat is and in some religions, they don’t like meat or they don’t like a specific type of meat.
	But did you know that guinea pigs are a good pet? I mean, I wouldn’t be writing about pet guinea pigs if they weren’t. In my opinion, guinea pigs are awesome pets and I’m about to tell you why. Guinea pigs are really friendly, they seek human attention, unless you don’t care for them properly. They love you for giving them all the glory. They otherwise probably would be in the forest getting hunted by a predator. Predator means an animal that tries to kill its “food.”
	But lastly there is something you’d rather NOT think about, and it's that they are pretty expensive pets. They need check ups, food, and other accessories.

THERE IS MONEY WHEN GETTING A GUINEA PIG!!
 There is money when getting a guinea pig. Yes, you heard me right, there is money. Down below is everything you need to get for a guinea pig.

Hay -Lots of hay!- (Why you need A LOT of hay is because 70% of guinea pigs diets are actually hay, and because you need THAT MUCH hay, you should give them 1 oz -28 grams- of hay per guinea pig EVERY SINGLE DAY!)

A cage or materials for a DIY cage! (Sometimes people prefer to make a DIY cage for their guinea pig’s continence or for their convenience, so get all the materials for your DIY cage, or of course get a cage.)

Bin of hay -that the guinea pig can get into.- (Why you need this is actually because this is where the guinea pig eats, pees, poops, relaxes, and even sometimes sleep. But won’t the guinea pig eat the poop? Good question, but since guinea pig’s poop is more solid than liquid it doesn’t mix with the hay. And guinea pigs are smart enough NOT to eat their poop. But what about the pee? That is a REAL liquid. Well, since guinea pigs have to bend down to eat, they can smell the pee and NOT eat the peed on hay. And they’re also smart enough not to eat it. Guinea pigs also need unlimited access to hay, so this allows them to get their enrichment by this.) 

Water bottle and Water bowl. (Most guinea pigs prefer a water bottle but also put a water bowl just in case so your guinea pig can pick their style.)

Hideouts. (Guinea pigs in the wild would naturally hide when it senses danger in its area, so putting hideouts helps the guinea pig hide when they feel stressed etc.)

Tunnels. (This is fun to a guinea pig because it’s a hideout plus, in the wild they’d go through other animal’s burrows. Giving tunnels gives them the same feeling.)

Set aside 5,000 dollars for emergencies etc. (Guinea pigs are an animal just like any other pet, so they can get sick, hurt, and even almost DIE. So putting aside this money helps you be able to pay the exotic vets for a visit. Also once a year it’s good to do a check up to make sure everything is right with your fellow guinea pigs. There's so many reasons why you need emergency money for your guinea pig so it’s good to have this extra 5,000 on your hand.)

Veggies. (You may need to spend some extra money on groceries because guinea pigs are herbivores. They don’t just eat hay because that would most DEFINITELY not be nutritious. Give them vegetables such as carrots-not too much-, celery, cucumbers, and more. Just make sure you search it up online to be safe-If i didn’t list it on here of course, I do DEEP research on guinea pigs- So make sure you buy these crucial veggies for your fellow guinea pigs.)

Pellets. (This is a “pill” sort of thing were it supplements the guinea pig vitamin C. Of course guinea pigs get vitamin C out of their variety of veggies, but it’s an easy way to get guinea pigs vitamin C without scavenger hunting stores for vitamin C. But make sure you don’t rely on ONLY pellets and NOT veggies as that would not be healthy AT ALL! Make sure you research online how much of something you should give your guinea pigs.) 

Fleece items. (Get a fleece blanket, it can be cheap, as guinea pigs don’t like to pee or poop on this material that much. Put the fleece blanket underneath everything-On the ground of the cage-. But, underneath the fleece blanket you placed an old or cheap towel to soak pee if maybe your guinea pig was desperate enough to pee on the fleece. Change this every 1-3 weeks. Next, get fleece tunnels-If you didn’t already get a tunnel like said before- So your guinea pig can be entertained. Get also a fleece bed so your guinea pig can rest on it. Optional, but a hammock could be good too.)

The guinea pig ITSELF! (Get your guinea pig from a shelter, rescue, or center. Not a pet store as they can be sick, not healthy, and even on the verge of death. Supporting a shelter or rescue is better as they tell every single thing about your choice of guinea pig. But, make sure you get TWO guinea pigs. Why would I need to buy TWO guinea pigs? Well, guinea pigs in the wild are in herds. This means they should be together for a happier and healthier life.)

These guinea pig necessities don’t have prices labeled as these accessories  can range from MANY prices. In fact, a survey of 10 students was done to see how much guinea pigs cost. 7 students picked between 50-200 dollars, 2 students picked 200-400 dollars, and 1 student picked 400-800 dollars. This proves that guinea pigs look cheap, (Because everyone thinks they are “small” animals even though there is a LOT of accessories and necessities that guinea pigs need, that make them expensive). Also make sure you get all of the items -except the hammock because it is optional-.


How to provide the proper care to your guinea pigs.
 Now that you may have passed the worst part, buying stuff, you also have to take care of them! I mean duh, of course you have to!  Get started by bonding with them. At the start, you need to let your guinea pigs settle into their cage. This will help them feel safer. Keep this on for a week. But make sure you change their food, water, hay, and pellets. But what about after the first week? There are many, many, MANY, videos about bonding which shows to prove, “don’t let this be the ONLY research you do.”But why not? Simply NO book can give you every single thing you NEED to care or even about a guinea pig. Doing lots of research helps you understand the process more. 

Now after you are done with the taming or bonding process, you will have to give them affection. Giving them affection means caring for them, feeding them, and  playing with them. I’m gonna cover the playing part, which is one of the funnest parts, the coolest parts, and I haven’t talked about it yet. Play time mostly or actually should be out of the cage. If you feel comfortable with them on the ground, do floor time. If not then buy a playpen with a floor to be the most effective against pee or poo, but get a foldable playpen so it's easy to put away, and not consume much space. Give them toys in the pen, but you don’t have to buy separate toys for your foldable playpen. Just move the toys in your cage to the playpen! That’s how to give them affection.

Now when it comes to care there’s a few stuff you gotta do. One very important thing is to cut their nails. Cutting their nails is hard and could even sometimes cause them to bleed. But watching tutorials on YouTube or a different source will be helpful. But why won’t YOU tell us? Cutting guinea pig nails is VERY, VERY, specific. So watching a video about it can be safer and better.

 After that, you’re also gonna want to give them a shower. It’s not something daily or weekly, you’d probably only wanna do it when they are very dirty, or monthly just to be safe. And most importantly don’t scare them. This means don’t talk to them in a rude or loud tone, instead talk in a soft tone to ease them.


What are the cons about having a pet guinea pig? 
This is the hardest part, but there sadly is some bad stuff about having a guinea pig. Here are all of the problems of having a guinea pig. (These cons are also cons in my opinion, maybe this isn’t a con to you, but at least it is to me.)

They are really expensive! (Like I mentioned before, they are quite expensive. So it’s hard to bring it up, but it is a con about guinea pigs. Of course in my opinion it’s a con.)

You might not be ready for death. (Sadly, like any other animal or living being, there is a such thing called death. But when you have a pet you always, always, always, should know about it. But technically there is a pro about this, and that is you understand death. Guinea pigs tend to live up to 5-7 years or even 10 years. So it may be your fault, it may not.)
                                                         
They need a lot of love and attention. (They seek your time in a LOT of stuff. Like any other pet you need time set aside because they WILL need it.)

Two guinea pigs -Not one or of course more!- (Two guinea pigs means more expenses on them. Plus more death. So double up all the cons. Which sucks, doesn’t it?)

There are probably more cons YOU spotted which may make you back out, but it is okay. When getting a pet you might or most likely will find a place to back out. All you need to know is that it may be something good you did as you may have not been able to provide the proper care.






