Morrel, a nine year old boy, was having a sleepover. Morrel went by Morr as his name. Today Morr was going CRAZY, he was having a sleepover! He couldn’t wait to see his buddies!
 “Mom, when are they coming? I’m getting bored!”
…DING-DONG!  Morr rushed to get the door, he saw what seemed to be his friends.
  “He-,” Morr began. 
  “Delivery for… Maddie Remhed?” 
It wasn’t Morr’s friends, it was the delivery man! Morr rushed inside to get his mom.
 “Mom! There’s a delivery for you,’’ Morr said.
 “Just go get the mail, Morr,” Morr’s mom replied.
Morr went and got the delivery. He placed the package on the counter and sighed. 
Ugh, when will they come! It’s already 5:36! They said they’ll come at 5:30! Then I got embarrassed by talking to the delivery man! Morr thought. 
 After what seemed like forever to Morr, there was a knock on the door.
 “Finally you guys came! You guys were ten minutes late, Alon and Rol!’’ Morr exclaimed.
Rol and Alon exchanged looks. They were confused about why they would be late for being ten minutes out of time. 
  “Morr, being ten minutes late is not what you call late. Get used to it,” said Rol. 
 Within five minutes of their arrival, They were now inside playing  on their Ipads.
  A little bit later, Morr and his friends, Rol and Alon, had just finished their dinner and were now playing some more on the Ipads.
  “Nooo! Xx_Royal captured me!” yelled Morr.
  Morr and his friends were playing some Roblox on the Ipad.
  “Morr!” yelled Morr’s mom. “I’m going to bed, Morr, and DON'T YOU DARE WA–,” Morr’s mom began to yell.
 “I know, I know,” Replied Morr nervously.
Morr felt sick in the stomach, He forgot he’d have to sleep without his mom. 
Uh oh… I don’t know how I’m gonna sleep by myself tonight! I mean, maybe just maybe if I try to convince Rol and Alon to stay awake tonight I won’t feel alone. Ok, fingers crossed! thought Morr
 “Uhm… He– … Alon? Rol? Can You stay awake tonight? I know it’s an odd question just like- Can you?” said Morr as he crossed one of his fingers. 

“Morr! That’s not healthy! You need at least ten to twelve hours of sleep. Plus my mom will not like it AT ALL!” 
“O-Okay,” Morr stuttered.
Morr felt a sudden pain in his stomach, and he did not like it.
  “Hey, let’s spy on Morr, I saw him cross his fingers and he was shaking, THE WHOLE TIME. And he seems suspicious, plus, it’ll be good!” Alon whispered to Rol when Morr wasn’t looking.
Rol went ahead and listened to Alon’s invitation and responded immediately.
  “No! No way I’m doing something like THAT! Now sure, he’s suspicious but we don’t SPY on him. That’s his personal privacy, dude.” 
  “Suit yourself,” Alon said grinning about his stinky plan.
 A little while later Rol was sleeping,  Alon was pretending to be asleep, and Morr was wide awake.
Cccreek! Cccreek! Ccrreek!
  Morr tippy toed off the bed, to the stairs, and started to go down the staircase.
Weird, huh? Of course just of course. I knew he’d sneak out! I think it’s time for me to follow him! Hehehe! Wonder why he sneaks out anyways. Alon thought. 
  Then Alon left and followed Morr just as if he was a spy decoding a mystery. Alon got to a position where he could see Morr clearly, and not be seen by him. Alon couldn’t wait for what he thought was a marvelous plan. 
   “W–W–Why did I d–do a s–s–sleepov–ver.’’ Morr thought aloud
 Alon giggled and then quieted himself.
  “Wh-o-Who sai-said th-that?!” cried Morr.
 Alon didn’t respond. He was tempted to say, a ghost that’s haunting you, but knew he’d get caught right about instantly. Alon heard doctor talk now. He knew if he got any closer too, he’d get caught. Alon had to find a way!
   After Alon had taken what seemed like forever to see where he could go, he found a way. He secretly moved closer to Morr and could finally hear what he was saying.
  “Soo, In L.A. I got a fifty-eight, in Social Studies I got a forty-two, and in science I got a sixty-one. C’mon!” Morr blurted to himself. 
 Alon thought he should not be friends with Morr since he got such low grades. He wanted a friend that was smart!
  “I d-d-don’t h-have r-r-real f-friends!” cried Morr. “Only Rol i-is my r-r-real-friend.”
  Alon went pale. How does he know that I don’t really like him? thought Alon
 Morr faced backward, just nearly revealing where Alon was spying from. Alon quickly slided to the nearest wall. Phew, thought Alon as he sprinted to another end of the old rickety house.
  “I f-feel like s-s-someone is watching me, I’m going to bed!” Morr yelled quiet enough so nobody would wake up as he jogged up the stairs.
  “WHERE’S ALON!” yelled Morr.

Rol wakes up almost immediately to Morr’s yell. Just then Alon slid into the room. 
  “-Uh, uhm… I… Went to the bathroom!” lied Alon
 Rol raised an eyebrow.
   “Okay… fine.” Alon admitted. “ I was spying on you and listening to your secrets, Morr.” 
  “S-So y-you don-don’t wa-wa-wanna be m-my friend anymore!?” worried Morr.
 “Well, I used to not wanna be your friend, but NOW I do!” exclaimed Alon. 
 Rol raised another eyebrow.
  “I’m being honest. Please, forgive me,” said Alon hoping for a yes to his apology.
 “Wow Alon! You really are… Honest! Especially in a situation like this, you were honest! You will of course be my friend Alon, Actually, Best Friend!” Morr said happier than the happiest man on earth. 
 Rol smirked at the sight of this commotion.
 “One last thing, Why are you even awake?” Alon curiously asked.
Morr said ”Shh, don’t tell anyone that I said this, but for some reason I can't fall asleep by myself… But today I will!” Morr exclaimed.
 Alon and Rol gasped, and sure enough Morr slept on his bed by himself. The boys snored and rolled. And within a minute, They were fast asleep. 
 Morr woke up first and fresh in the morning at 8:30AM. He was practically laughing because he was so happy.
 Morr called out “Wake up sleepy heads!’’
Rol and Alon emerged from their soft and cozy blankets.
 “Let’s brush!” Morr said “But before I n–.”
  “You actually slept by yourself!” Rol and Alon exclaimed 
 Then Alon held out a hand out for Morr to high-five. Morr high-fived Alon’s hand.
   “I wanna say that if you guys didn’t bring a brush to brush your teeth with then I got extra new ones for you.” Morr said.
 “We got our own brushes,” said Rol.
A little while later the boys finished breakfast and were playing basketball.
 “Oh our moms came! Bye Morr!” said Rol
 “Yup! Bye Morr! Thanks for inviting us!” Alon said to Morr
 “Bye.” Morr yelled. “But you can call me Morrel.”



