The Actual Truth Behind Cinderella

Hello. My name is Sara Mary, I’m the fairy godmother you saw in Cinderella, but that’s not the whole truth. I was friends with Cinderella’s mom before she died, we were really good friends! She used to not be active. One rainy day she gave me a letter saying that she was sick with a really bad cold. She had a baby and asked me to be her godmother. She also said to help the poor and dying. She gave me a potion that would make me have the power of a fairy. She died before I could help her. I knew what I had to do from that day. 

Cinderella would treat me as her mother. “Godmother Mary” “Please, I’m tortured by Elisa” Elisa was Cinderella’s cruel step-mom. One day it seemed Cinderella had hope in her eyes! “Godmother Mary! There’s a ball!” “Oh Cindi, how exciting! Shall I make you a dress!” I said winking at her. “MAID! CINELLA WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS! MAKE US A DRESS!” Said that horrible “Mom”. “You better come down and get us ready for the ball!” Said Marlisa Cindi’s step sister. “What about me!” Said Cinderella slowly about to tear up. Poor Cinderella was a maid and not even treated correctly. When those greedy people left I went to Cindi. “Wh-Wh-WHY ME!” Cindi was crying. “Oh dear, I have gotten these powers for a reason.” I said. “O-o- ReallY!” Cinderalla said slowly, becoming happy!  “You bet,” I said. I was getting ready for some of my magic when Cindi said this, “Godmother, I realized you don’t need to use magic, you already used magic by cheering me up! I don’t need to look pretty. I want them to pick me for me!” As I heard that my heart melted. I’ve never heard anyone say that to me before accept Cindi’s mom. Me and Cinderella decided to make a beautiful dress out of feathers and Mother Nature.

 Then we called a friendly friend of ours, a coyote! We would ride the coyote! When we arrived everyone was shocked! Even Prince Marlin was shocked. He wanted to dance with her. But the step-evils saw right through us. All of a sudden they started charging at us. Everyone was furious now! The guards locked up the evil step-mom and step-sisters. Cinderella broke her arm and back! The prince was shocked how she didn’t die from the pressure. Now, I told him I had magic I could use. WHOOSH! Cindi was better. It turned out that Cindi was kidnapped by Tarlana, A kidnapper! I knew something was off! Tarlana was enemies with The Queen, Salarna. The Queen thanked me! She said I could live with them! We partied out our lives that day as the lost princess was found! Now It was me and Cindi who could deal with those monsters in the dungeons!  
