Phil and his journey


	 Once there was a boy named Phil. He never EVER got below 100! Even on his finals! The teachers named him “Acer” because in 2nd Grade, he was moved to 6th! And in 7th Grade he was in 12! He graduated from school! He went to Larna University, Only 100 students around the WORLD get to go! And that is, He was the ONLY 8th Grader in Larna. Even in college, Phil always got 100s and maybe 105! Everybody wanted to team up with him for group projects. After graduating #1 around the world, he decided to open up his own tech company, BioClick. He got 3 BILLION customers! After that, he wasn’t done, he wanted to open up districts and education, starting with Edus. Edus would be an iPad that taught you stuff and was like a mini homeschool. Phil didn’t only have success though, At first, Edus seemed useless and expensive for 125$. Phil was in 123,000,000 debt. And he Couldn’t quite ALWAYS get 100. The first test he took was a 82, then 71, 52, and then 98, and then 100! He used to not care, always played Video Games, and was rude. Phil then fixed it and promised to get A grades For EVER! It came to Phil. What if he did the same right now? He made Edus only 25$, and then he stopped buying useless stuff. 120,000,000 to 34,000,000 and then 500k, and 13$, and eventually NO debt! Phil did this for all his life until at age 37, 5006, News around the world spread that education was bad, AI would be doing BETTER than humans, and only the top 1% would get jobs. Phil wasn’t in trouble, but the world was. He needed to do something, and quickly. He started by opening schools that were both ONLINE and offline. Tutoring classes, More Stories he made that were harder, and he challenged kids. Now, He made a TINY difference. Only the top 2% would get jobs. Soon, Schools shut down, and the world was boring to those who had NOTHING. Luckily, Phil’s schools were doing AWESOME! He started making schools all over the world. And after he made a university BETTER than Larna, but more students would be accepted. Yorso Link University, YLI was the BEST now! And 5k students were accepted now! He opened up 30 of these YLI colleges.




 Then he also opened up Lesso, The 10th Best university! 10k students were accepted! There were AT LEAST 100 of these! Phil took over the educational system, Tech System, Now what. Phil was the #1 Most smart person. Simply He could give on that knowledge. Phil had heard about MiltinLink, A hospital for kids who need it. They got NO education. Phil opened up MediLearn. MediLearn seemed dumb at first, even to the DOCTORS! It was a worksheet form. It’d ask you your favorite color, what is your hobby, write your own story, Did you enjoy this, and some questions that tricked kids into Math and Reading! Soon Doctors saw improvement, and they did tests and were shocked. Looked like Phil was doing spectacular! But not so much. A Hurricane with winds of 670 mph and oceans of water on streets for 2.5 weeks, everyone had not worried except Phil. 99% of the world believed that Phil would be able to STOP the hurricane. He thought for hours, and hours. Simply, Phil would hide. He’d hide in his bunker. When the hurricane passed it was MUCH more than expected. It destroyed 10% of the world and killed 1 BILLION People or injured them. Furiosity was on everyone on Phil, He had done NOTHING to save them. Everyone stopped buying Phil’s products, and Everyone stayed away from Phil’s schools and colleges. Phil had been so bad that he was a wanted criminal now. He would have to hide. Somewhere he, and his belongings, and his knowledge of course, were safe. He hid in a dumpster, Nah, too basic and smelly! His bunker wasn’t that safe, but when it came to him, he started building a pad, Engines, wings, and more.


Phil was going to Mars. He was so carried away he didn’t even pack properly. He brought Shorts, Notebooks, cameras, and some more. He eagerly hopped on his Rocket and set up. Phil had done 3 illegal things. He technically killed 500 Million People, Is running from cops, and building space vehicles without permit, and is going to MARS without permit! This was VERY illegal! After 6 months when he landed on Mars he casually walked off. He fainted right away. The human body can’t withstand Mars. Mars has no Ozone Layer, Phil  was at HIGH risk! Phil was in a coma, but there were NO doctors ready for anything. Phil, The smartest guy to the MOST wanted guy, was doomed. Phil felt num, He was in a coma. Until he felt something small, slightly itchy, enough to take a SMALL peek. 100 of, BUGS! Phil somehow stood up immediately and saw millions of plants and bugs were on this planet. This wasn’t Mars, he was in a whole different galaxy! He saw what looked to be Humans but weirder. Instead of clothes, they had clothes like skin, and instead of an atmosphere, they had something else Phil couldn’t describe. It was like a futuristic Earth. The bugs were actually kinda cute. Small Pups and Guinea Pigs, but the pets were cooler! They were mini Dinosaurs that scientists put chemicals in. But then Phil had the worst feeling of all, If he wasn’t on Earth, but a futuristic Earth, and he had crashed on “Mars”. Was he in a coma, or even worse, Dead.
Was this heaven, or the other one. He couldn’t quite tell. It was a dream. Who was Phil, had he always been dead? Phil looked at himself and saw he looked different. Phil then walked over to a line and waited. A man on a Luxurious chair was there.
“Oh Phil, You must be confused, aren’t you?” said the man, (or maybe king.) Phil looked REALLY confused now. How did the man know his name? Does he know WHY he is here!

Phil was about to ask all these questions when the man shushed him.
“You are here because you died in Heaven. You can’t die in heaven though, so you just respawn. Heaven is your dream, so that 100s and acing was your dream, but then reality kicks in, and that’s why you came back to the start. Here, read your book that tells you more information.” said the Man
Phil was just about to leave when the man said this, “And I know all of this because I am, Your Father…” Phil was shocked. He had no parents. Only fostered. But he always wished he had a real dad. He walked over to the book. Heart Thumping, he started reading. Phil Marnolac had died at age 89. In his life on Earth, He was ok. 95s and 80s. His final grade was a 92. He was accepted to a top 50 college and he was a farmer and store manager. Phil wasn’t liked for being on the poor side and at age 89 he was sick and no doctors helped him, and he died. He was also wanted and a criminal.
Tears filled Phil’s eyes. He had never BEEN good, and he was just good in his dreams. But He knew this couldn’t be it. He said goodbye and started exploring THIS place. Could it really be true? It didn’t make ANY sense. But something caught him off guard, When the tears filled, it burned more than usual, and in Heaven, only GOOD people go. And it was painful, not a dream. And that possibly couldn’t be his dad. Maybe he was mind reading or doing magic! As he turned around something didn’t feel right. He went back to searching when- BANG!
Phil was captured by what was so his, ‘dad’. 


