 School At home
     By. Anvay S.



Let’s say you’re on a trip enjoying yourself and realize, Oh no! I have school! That means I’m gonna miss Five Days of SCHOOL! Well, That’s how annoyed everyone feels.  Like what if you’re sick, or what if you’re on a trip? Even Priya Gadia, who has to wake up early to send her son to school says, “It’s so annoying to send my kids to school, why not do it online?” That is why I think School Should Have Work From Home Days.
My first reason Schools Should Have Work From Home Days is because what if you’re on a trip or you are sick. What you could do is work while you’re on your vacation, or if you’re sick. How it’d work is you use a video calling app such as Zoom and attend online just like when Covid-19 struck the world. To add on, If you’re on a trip , you don’t need to shorten up your trip because you can attend through your trip! But sometimes you’re traveling around during your trip and cannot attend Zoom. Because of this you only need to attend four hours. Also, you might need to stay at a location for a long time for any reason.

In other words, you may want to stay home because you’re in a bad mood, feel like being in your parent’s company, or you want to stay in your cozy house! So it’s not like you’re not missing school (Because of Zoom) but you’re staying at home.
Another reason schools should have work from home days is because with less kids in the school building, you’ll be MORE focused. Like I said, there is a benefit of less kids in the building, there is nobody to distract you such as your friend or a good peer of yours. Based on what the teacher thinks she will adjust 50% of the class online and 50% will be at school physically. But before this, the teacher will observe who cannot be together. Based on that, she or he will make an arrangement. 
Another benefit with less kids is that the voice level will stay at a decent level. But, this benefit doesn’t mean, “ Hey, go scream really loud!” It means this benefit should stay a benefit. But, if it is treated like you can be outrageously loud another arrangement might wanna be made. On top of that, less of a crowd means less of a mess! Why this matters SO much is because you may be focused on a toy or a mess. Lots of the time someone else’s toy is out making a distraction. Without that, you’ll be MUCH more focused. Also the janitor doesn’t need to clean a bigger mess! “I learned that from a house party…” said Priya who also hosts many parties.       

The last reason schools should have work from home days is because students could  stay online creating space for more students. Let’s say you’re absent for ten or more days, like I went to India for a wedding and it was hard because we were absent for fifteen days of school. We had to fill out forms and tell everyone. We’d have to email five teachers, figure out how to do it, and fill out form by form taking lots of time.  Online school wouldn’t make you fill out many forms, you’ll just have to say you’ll attend online. And plus, you’re holding up another spot. So online school lets another student come and lets YOU stay!
 Another example is there is more flexibility for a specific district a parent might want their kid to go because, if you’re online and other students are online, there can be more spots available in the district. And finally, over the whole state, the population would gain due to more education, allowing everyone to pick where they’d like their kid to go for education! I know this because I read that a lot of cases you need to move is for education.
After all, that’s why I think we should be able to enjoy where we are while learning at the same time. After all, you may be sick, on vacation, or wanting to stay cozy at home. Nicole Abreus who teaches fourth grade says, “I think being able to do online school when you’re home would benefit your health and education because you could get rest and stay on track.” Now would you like to stay cozy at home and still be able to learn from your favorite teacher today? I bet so, go talk to your school about it!!


