
that one boy
By Anvay.S
Once it started as a gift, to be able to save the Earth, nobody would even attempt it, except that one boy. The gift wasn’t given to him, but he would still try. Day and Day nobody cared. They said the true savior should be able to do it without any help. But the truth was there was no gift. It is all based on YOU. That one boy still never gave up. He knew, A team could do this, not him alone. He had a different gift,  never to give up. Nobody wanted to save Earth. But that one boy had a trick up his sleeve, and he wouldn't tell anyone. He just had to make stuff that can save Earth. He sold items, but little did they know he used reused items. Then one boy  thought of a brilliant idea, comic books. He named them George Tails. George Tails didn’t go famous as nobody wanted anything to do with saving  Earth. He knew he’d need to do something else. Years and Years passed and then he graduated college. But now, he has a degree to be an author. He started simple and did the series Space in an angle which kids loved. They never thought Earth could be living! They were fascinated. That one boy that turned into that one man had the greatest Idea then. He’d pretend everyone in the Earth started hurting Earth and it was gonna end. The kids wanted MORE series. Soon kids realized that they need to contribute to saving the Earth. Only the kids would believe in George's tails. That one man was George. George realized he now needs to go around the world educating even MORE people. But little did everyone know that disaster would strike. In the year 3004 when George was flying on the SuperLuperCarner Jet2000 It came on news the world was gonna end in 30 days. George knew what was happening. He went from America to Costa Rica, then India, Greece, Israel, Canada, Dubai, and so much more educating each and every person there. The last 10 days people weren’t just waiting for doomsday. They all worked together, No one polluted, No one did oil spills, and The whole world saw it for themselves. The minute before Doom the skies cleared up, The sun shined bright, and the world looked like heaven. George was fascinated. He knew it wasn’t a talent, It was teamwork. Each year the skies got even more pretty. By the year 4000 the world became glorious. That One Boy that lived on to a man, and then a legend.


Quotes by George-

“It's the Children that gave me this hope.”
“The world can be a cruel place, but they saved earth.”
“As long as we stay kind to Earth, Earth will be kind to us.”


Ps. This is Realistic Fiction or a fictional Biographie! Made for fun so don’t take it seriously
