I was in my room when it happened. Bangs on the door. I ran outside my room to see my parents locking the doors, covering windows, and getting the Medical Kit. A dangerous storm had reached our city. We ran inside the bunker. I huddled up with my parents. I had just been going to 7th Grade and got a 100 on my state test, at Arkansas. I was excited to go to 7th grade with a fresher start. Previously I got 82, 76, 90, 65, and 89. What could I say, the test was hard! I had also gone on my message app, I cannot live without my computer! I need to message, watch, play, build, and earn! My parents said I was too young,but really I think they were jealous that they never got computers in the 80s and 70s. I went on and texted my group, There were 100 of the smartest people in our state. I asked them about the storm. It on average would be safe. I then started a session, a bot would ask you to Code, do math, and more, and they’ll exchange for money! My mom was smiling, “Oh Timothy, you already earned us 10k! Take a break!!”
Yes, my name is Timothy. Truly, I had actually earned 35k but I decided to invest without telling them! Really, those 82s, 76s, 90s, 65s, and 89s were just because of Teacher Credit. I got 100% in ALL of them except the, ‘scale rate’ says that we will lower your grade for no reason. They basically spin a wheel and then get a person to look at your answers. Then they will just say, “It took him 3 hours, minus 20 points!” and it frustrates me! This time I did it in 30 minutes and FINALLY got 100! But each year I got the 5th Highest or 1st so I’m fine. 
Now, The storm was kicking in a bit. I went to sleep. The rest of the days were normal for me. Finally, we exited the bunker! Fresh air I smelt, Blue sky I saw. Awesome just Awesome. My parents wanted me to take a US national Mathematics Olympiad. I was nervous. I was taking the AMC_8. Most 8th Graders took it. For my session, I typed Olympiad Prep. After I played outside, builded something with my 3D printer, and did some of my EXTRA business I slept. 
Today was special. It was mid January. And Today was the test. I set up, and went on the bus. My school only consisted of kids from the top 800-500. Even though I was top 10, I was put here for a reason NOBODY tells me why. But next year, I finally get to go to the top 10 class! I then went to the cafeteria with a big banner saying “AMC_8 TESTING! 800-500, and 6th!”
I felt a smirk, they put ‘and 6th’ just for me. I felt special. I quickly set up. Waiting eagerly for the test to come, I finally began! After 40 minutes, I felt dumb. Had I messed up? The test was over, and it was snack time. Afterwards, we went back to class and continued our day. 2 weeks after the results came. I had solved 25/25! They said maybe somehow 26/25! I got 101st Percentile. Without me even knowing, the next day I was in the Top 100 school, and top 5 class! I was now 3rd! In the US, I was #180. But in Arkansas I was 3rd! I talked with my buddies from the message app, and they were laughing and agreeing when I told them about the state test thing. “I once got a 56 for itching my head. They thought it was ‘a hand signal that can be used for cheating’! State test people are bonkers!” said Karl. “and I got a 32 for ‘being weird in real life’ like, what does that mean? I think it's time we switch!” said Arnold. We all laughed at that one. I liked this class much more than my old one. The only downside was getting interviewed every year. You just have to work hard! Not a biggie!
